---
layout: post
title: reqs
---
requirements, AKA "acceptance criteria"
"Acceptance Criteria" are statements typically enforced by someone in the product group. They tend to use words like "must", "should", "could" and "won't" to define the scope of the project from a product and expected user-value perspective.

***

# Flight Search Acceptance Criteria
Page: https://www.aa.com/travelInformation/flights/status

+ Flight Search Page must have current, proper branding.
+ Flight Search Page must be properly responsive (i.e. display nicely across X% of highly-adopted browsers, OSes, platforms and devices).
+ User must be able to easily search entire domain directly from Flight Search Page.
+ User must be able to easily navigate to other "major parts" of our domain including but not limited to: the home page, the login page, the travel planning page, the travel information page, the AAdvantage portal, our oneworld partner page and/or other partner pages.
+ User must be able to search for flight status by city.
+ User must be able to search for flight status by flight number.
+ Flight Search Page must make it very clear to user what type of search they are conducting.
+ Flight Search Page must have a required field, indicated as such, where a user can enter a flight's "From" information. This field must provide autocomplete suggestions to the users which are mapped to all possible commercial flight start locations. This field's display value must resolve to an airport code.
+ Flight Search Page must have a required field, indicated as such and labeled "To", where a user can enter a flight's destination information. This field must provide autocomplete suggestions to the users which are mapped to all possible commercial flight destinations. This field's display value must resolve to an airport code.
+ Flight Search Page must contain a drop-down labeled "Date" containing today's date, tomorrow's date, and the date two days from today's date.
+ Flight Search Page must present an obvious call to action in the form of a large, blue "Search" button.
+ Upon pressing search on the Search Page, the Search Results Page (see below) should be displayed.
+ Flight Search Page must have a footer with helpful links from around our domain and our partners' domains.
+ Flight Search Page must gently correct or guide user to proper inputs and interactions in any error situation.
+ Flight Search Page must be internationalized.
+ Flight Search Page must be WCAG 2.0 compliant (https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/).


# Flight Search Results Acceptance Criteria
Page:  https://www.aa.com/travelInformation/flights/status/result

+ Search Results Page must have current, proper branding.
+ Search Results Page must be properly responsive (i.e. display nicely across X% of highly-adopted browsers, OSes, platforms and devices).
+ User must be able to easily search entire domain directly from Search Results Page.
+ User must be able to easily navigate to other "major parts" of our domain including but not limited to: the home page, the login page, the travel planning page, the travel information page, the AAdvantage portal, our oneworld partner page and/or other partner pages.
+ Upon pressing search on the Search Page, the Search Results Page must display a list of flights.  The flights should all be obviously related to the user's inputted search criteria.
+ Search Results Page must contain start and destination locations, as well as the date searched.
+ User must be able to check status for any of the flights listed on the Search Results Page.
+ Search Results Page must display plainly/obviously which flights have layovers.
+ Search Results Page must have a footer with helpful links from around our domain and our partners' domains.
+ Search Results Page must gently correct or guide user to proper inputs and interactions in any error situation.
+ Search Results Page must be internationalized.
+ Search Results Page must be WCAG 2.0 compliant (https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/).
